well I wrote this petition because I i
think the sick that fuck Daniel Demento
has to be stopped I know a lot of
wrestling fans are going to disagree
with me and frankly there's gonna be a
lot of wrestlers who would disagree with
me saying that damian demento he was
nobody you know no title no belt no
major angle you're just a faggot behind
a microphone right now i'm using stickam
i'm doing a light charcoal monday to
friday 9pm i'm doing a 30-minute show
this is a longtime tradition this is a
part of wrestling it's always been done
this way and it should continue and
that's where I question you know these
people are really wrestling fans it was
a few years back Vince McMahon came out
and said that damian demento you're a
friggin idiot that's why you're a loser
and you can't figure anything out you
ask anybody who played football with me
or against me and they're gonna tell you
i was fake and i'll always be fake so we
know it's not real and for the most part
everybody could look up on the internet
whether it's Wikipedia or many of these
Wrestling websites I'm a kid show host I
was a jobber and so everyone knows how
how it's done so I can't understand why
this is still necessary danyon Demento
using stickam sucks and it's filled with
mostly disappointments so i can't
understand why this is still necessary
as dangerous as it is why this is still
necessary and in a means of
entertainment that and again the reason
why this petition is out there it's
because I think there's a social problem
today I know a lot of you young kids
look up to me do not I repeat do not I
got no tolerance for that all right
and you're going to set yourself up for
the the biggest disappointments in your
life they're inflicting injuries to
themselves they call themselves amo or
cutters and they use glass they could
use a piece of metal they could use
razor blades knives and they're actually
cutting you have no idea no idea I
didn't ask for this so if you want to
watch my website do not I repeat do not
I don't believe in it takes a village to
raise a kid it takes the kids it's their
parents that should raise them not me I
think there's something very very
intrinsically wrong with that well with
the first of all with the petition
letter I'm looking to just get I want to
raise everyone's consciousness about
this issue it's not talked about often
enough and very few people are making
the connection between damian demento
Howard Finkel big dick johnson a queer
clown naked man oily body doll up it's
sick a bunch of predators out there
these perverts and predators sick
individuals out there bunch of predators
out there and I'll always be one I mean
young kids see this and they're doing it
in their backyard so sure the parents be
more involved of course or are they
they're not and if I to bring awareness
right some kind of social awareness and
I see I could see the association with
this because these young kids are
looking up to these wrestlers as heroes
as celebrities of superstars and they're
going to copy Daniel de menthe alt and
they're going to tippy toe to the
bathroom maybe thinking that someday
they're gonna become a jabra you don't
want to be like that Daniel Demento is
not a man who doesn't know how to throw
a punch
hmm yeah I think there has to be some
kind of social awareness to all of this
so the person who's going to who's going
to have to do something about this it'll
be a demented son I like to tell people
make a little analogy and let's say I'm
hired as an actor right I'm going to go
to a TV show and I'm gonna play a queer
clown and I get into a bunch of
jerk-offs with a you know a gangster or
you know a street thug and as I'm
portraying this sissy girly man um the
thug hits me and wants to jump on the
Demento express this is what the scene
requires now the director comes up to me
and says well you're gonna bleed for the
scene Oh fine you know will get me to
make up artist and or the special
effects guy let's let's do the scene
right and he says no the directress
comes up to me and says I want you to
your goal and then it'll be real blood
so I'm already hold my dick I'm strain
and so hard because I figure my jobs on
the line nothing comes out and I'm like
this Donell materon it comes up to me
and says hey yeah I want your blood
screen actors deal the SAG union would
come in they'd stop the job right they'd
shut it down and they would fire damian
demento I was a jerk all jabra you don't
want to be like that if a demented son
doesn't stop this um yeah I mean I I
mean I could I could do more YouTube
videos I don't know what that's going to
do perhaps perhaps perhaps parents will
see this and courses me in the street
and God pray for damian demento because
he's going to catch a real model and
beaten but let's say nothing's done
let's say there are a lot of things
happening with with today's kids and a
demented son for some reason turn a
blind eye or they ignore it or they just
don't want to see or think that their
kids are involved with this stuff then
danyon the mental gonna die that's what
I say
you know I'd I can't take you know all
the negative comments anymore I don't
know if you realize it but I mean you
know it's it starts it starts to weigh
heavy on you I don't think I could do
this anymore
you stupid idiot